So. inside the house.
there are no cameras?
[eerie music playing]
- Well. that's illegal.
- Oh. so it's illegal.
Since when do we worry so much
about respecting the law?
Tina. this is a race against time.
Every passing minute means
I'm losing money on this.
- I know. I'm already aware. but...
- Let's set up the cameras right away.
I'm paying to see everything. Tina.
Since I'm paying. I have every right
to know what's going on in that house.
Outside and inside.
[eerie music continues]
[Miguel] Camila!
Camila. open the door. please.
I know you're in there.
[Camila chuckles]
Neighbor. how are you? [chuckles]
Oh. how nice of you
to come and visit me. isn't it?
[Camila chuckles]
It's so good to see you. Come in. come in.
Would you like something to drink?
- Juice? A whiskey on the rocks?
- I'm fine.
- Something for this heat?
- I'm fine. Nothing.
Okay.
- Tell me this is just a joke.
- What? [chuckles]
A joke? Look at me. I'm not laughing.
- Was this really your plan?
- Mm?
Move next door with a husband?
In what hellhole did you find him?
Forgive me. but you're batshit crazy!
[tense music playing]
Do you think it's wrong
that I move to a really nice house
to live quietly and happily
with my husband?
That's not wrong at all.
[Miguel] Camila...
I didn't think it would come to this.
How much do you want?
This is not enough.
[chuckles]
You can't afford it.
Oh. Fernando. don't be... Shit.
[sighs] Miguel. Miguel.
- I still can't get used to your real name.
- Camila.
How much more do you want?
What's your limit?
How much are you willing to pay me?
[Miguel] Seriously. Camila.
I said I was sorry.
I told you the whole truth.
Tell me. what else do you want from me?
You uploaded our video
to a porn website. motherfucker.
Now that's being batshit crazy.
FAKE PROFILE
The first food critics may come tonight.
That's why I need all eyes
on the main door.
Stay on top of the reservations.
And don't forget to smile.
Always.
No matter what. you must keep smiling.
We're gonna serve them
the best dinner of their lives. guys. go!
- [woman] Yes!
- [applause]
[man] Yeah!
Okay. back to work.
Everyone to their stations. come on.
[Adrián] Inti.
I wanted to apologize
for the shower thing.
I heard music.
I didn't know where it came from.
Don't worry. It's okay.
I won't use it again. I'm sorry.
Is something wrong?
I'm having problems at home.
A year ago. my mom lost her job. and I'm...
I'm working double shifts
in another place.
So you have two jobs now?
I'm a diving instructor
at a hotel in. in Playa Grande.
I spent the whole day in...
in the ocean. so I couldn't go home.
and that's why I had to use the shower.
No. hey. don't worry.
Don't worry.
You can use it whenever you want.
[man 1] Boss. table three. four and six.
- I need the silverware and dishes. please.
- [enticing music playing]
[man 2] Give me a plate.
[chuckles] I'm sorry.
I just never had
a boss like you.
Excuse me.
- I recorded a video. but it was for me.
- For you and your friends. right?
Camila. I'd never do that. You know me.
No. that's the problem.
I don't. I don't know you!
I don't know who you are.
We've been dating for months.
and I just found out your real name.
Miguel.
That video was private. Why publish it?
I don't get it. that was on my phone.
No one can access it.
Then. why is it on a porn site
called Horny Latins?
- Obviously somebody hacked my phone!
- Oh. so convenient. you know?
- So easy. They hacked the phone!
- Tell me something.
That's why you came from Vegas?
To be my neighbor?
- [clicks tongue]
- What the hell do you want?
First thing I want you to do
is to use your influence
to make that video go away.
- [car approaching]
- Okay?
[tense music playing]
[Camila] Second thing is...
for you to get used to the idea
of me being your neighbor.
Because I'm not going anywhere.
Camila.
Wipe your face off.
- [door opens]
- [David] Hello there!
Hi. baby.
[David] Honey. how are you?
Fine. Fine. thank you.
Look. hon. Miguel came over
to ask if we were doing okay.
or if we needed anything.
- Miguel. how are you?
- Fine. and you?
I'm great. Thanks for asking.
- Very well.
- Yeah. great.
- If you need anything. I'm next door.
- Mm-hmm.
Anything you need.
Send my love to Ángela and your children.
Yes. sure. it'll be a pleasure.
Excuse me.
- [David] See ya.
- Bye.
Bye.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- What did he want now?
- Hmm.
[gate closes]
What else but to make excuses?
[sighs] I'm glad you came.
I need to talk about the...
the deal that we had before.
How much do you make
as a driver per month?
- As a driver per month?
- Mm-hmm.
Two grand. more or less.
Why?
I'll pay twice as much.
- [dramatic music playing]
- [chuckles]
Twice as much for driving?
No.
Twice as much to pretend to be my husband
only when I need you with me.
We're gonna need all the info
and data about him that we can get.
[Camila laughs]
Don't bother. David.
I already tried. and it's impossible
to know what's true and what's a lie.
[Camila] Everything I know
about him is bullshit.
For example. he says
he travels to Vegas for business...
Fernando.
[riveting music playing]
One toast with me?
[Camila] Pretends to be a plastic surgeon
and claims to work at Alta Vista Clinic.
but we already know that's not true.
What is the most popular procedure. huh?
- Try to guess.
- Which one?
- Guess.
- Which one? [chuckles]
- It's the ass.
- [gasps]
[Camila] He says that he has no family.
No wife. no children.
That he's been single.
searching for the love of his life.
[Miguel] We're gonna make a toast
to both of us being free.
- Long live freedom!
- Long live. Cheers!
[riveting music continues]
- Do you like the house?
- It's very cool.
[chuckles]
Camila. but I can't stay here every night.
I have to help Grandma at the hotel.
Don't worry about it.
You can come here
on the nights that you're available.
That's all I need. don't worry about it.
- Okay.
- [keyboard keys clacking]
It seems like you're close to her. right?
Too much.
She's the only family I have.
My parents died a long time ago.
- Mmm.
- What about...
you?
Your family. Where are they?
Mexico.
Camila. I need to ask you something
before we close this deal.
Mm-hmm.
Why would a woman like you.
with so much to offer.
get involved with a man
who cheats on her and hurts her?
[tense music playing]
What do you want?
Get even with him?
Make the guy divorce his wife?
Or make his children suffer?
- I don't think so.
- Oh. no. no. My God. no.
I don't want to... Don't want any of that.
I just want to know the truth
about this asshole. who he is and...
and above all.
I don't want him to hurt other women.
- That's it.
- Right.
Okay. then. All you want is to punish him.
That's why you're in Cartagena.
That'd be enough. don't you think?
Sure.
[keyboard keys clacking]
[sultry music playing]
[moaning]
[moaning louder]
[heavy breathing]
[sighing]
I love you.
[moaning]
I love you too.
[moans]
But that guy is a monumental liar. Well...
I mean. the guy is... He's an idiot.
No. the idiot is the girl
who trusted the guy.
What I don't get is
why'd he want to hurt you. why'd he lie?
I don't know.
[phone rings]
- Hello?
- Well. you finally answered.
[dramatic music playing]
Camila?
You okay? What is it?
It's nothing.
Oh. shit.
[busy tone]
Fuck. no!
The first thing we have to do is
take our marriage to the next level.
- [Camila chuckles]
- Who are we?
What do we do? Where do we live?
In Riviera Esmeralda.
What restaurants do we like?
Are we... faithful?
- Yes.
- Or unfaithful?
No.
Do we want children?
Oh. do we?
[David] We have to create a history.
so we both say the same thing.
[Camila] Listen. what I need is
that when people see us together.
they think we are a young couple
that's hard-working. successful.
and travels a lot.
And that we make enough money
to afford living here.
Or they won't buy it.
Well. you make enough
to afford living here.
Camila. you have a lot of money.
I do.
I've been working since I was a girl.
My family is very poor. so I learned
to put aside every penny I made.
That's why.
Right.
The pictures.
[laptop chimes]
[inhales] Ooh. not that one.
Mm-mm.
How'd you like it? A little more...?
A bit more. more romantic.
More. more spark.
- More chemistry.
- This one.
Yeah. that one. That's more like it.
- [chuckles]
- Cute. isn't it?
[seductive music playing]
[Ángela] Sofía. where are you?
I'm already out.
Hello! Good morning.
- Camila. David. how was your first night?
- [Camila] Oh!
- Ángela. how are you?
- [Ángela] Good.
[David] Oh. great. great.
Great night. Right. honey?
Yeah.
Uh. this area is much more quiet
than where we used to live. isn't it?
- Yes.
- Remember the noise?
[both laugh]
Guys. you're going to fall in love
with this community.
because this is
the perfect neighborhood to live.
And start a family.
I guess that's part of your plans
because the big house and all. isn't it?
Yeah. yeah.
We're sending letters to the stork.
but hasn't replied yet.
- Right?
- [Camila laughs]
[laughing]
Why do you say such things?
- [Ángela] Yeah.
- Uh...
- We're on our way to the supermarket.
- [Ángela] Nice.
Actually. Emporio is really close by.
For me. it's the best.
Everything's fresh. You'll love it.
- Stop nagging me.
- Stop that.
- You're scolding me.
- [Sofía] Not true.
- Thanks.
- [Ángela clears throat] You're late.
I'm sorry.
Come meet the new neighbors.
Hello.
- Hello.
- Hi there.
[tense music playing]
[Miguel] Luigi.
- Luigi.
- Sign that.
[Sofía] Aren't you coming to say hi?
- Hello.
[Ángela] Hey. baby.
- [Miguel] Hey.
- [Ángela] Hi.
What a surprise. [chuckles]
[Ángela] Mwah!
I'm kinda hungry. sweetie. Can we go now?
- Yeah.
- [Ángela] Let's do something.
Since you have no groceries.
let's have lunch at our house. okay?
- But they just moved in. Ángela.
- [Ángela] Exactly.
Probably have a lot to unpack.
[Ángela] That's why
they don't have time to get groceries.
[Camila] You know? That's great!
We'd be more than happy
to accept your invitation.
- [Ángela] Amazing!
- Besides...
I think it's very important
to get to know all our neighbors.
- Don't you?
- [David] Sounds about right.
[Ángela] Then say no more.
Mwah!
[Sofía] See you in a bit.
Okay.
- Let's go.
- Of course.
[tense music continues]
[Miguel] Moved in yesterday.
Did she say she was married?
- No.
- Then she lied to you too.
- We've got her living in our community.
- What can I do?
- I can't kick her out.
- [sighs]
You don't know Sofía. bro.
She's almost psychic. Sofía has powers.
If she learns about the things
we did in Vegas. my life is over.
No one's gonna know anything.
We're gonna deny everything.
What do we do with your neighbor
in the meantime?
You keep Sofía as far away as you can.
I'll deal with Camila. all right?
[Pedro] Welcome to your home.
- Thank you for having us.
- Cheers.
That sounded elegant.
They were having second thoughts.
but I managed to close the deal.
You met her. Pedro.
Camila. the Mexican girl.
Camila. the Mexican.
How could I forget that beautiful woman?
- [Ángela] Mm-hmm.
- Have you seen that girl's eyes?
- Gorgeous.
- Impressive.
Outta this world. Don't you agree. Miguel?
Not my type.
No. Another toast for the perfect husband.
- Where did you find him. love?
- [Miguel] Where's Lucas?
- [Ángela] Lucas!
- [Lucas] Coming! One sec.
Honey. we're all seated at the table.
- Say hi.
- Grandpa.
[Pedro] Hey there. How's my boy?
- Are you in a bad mood?
- [Lucas] No.
- [Adrián] Lucas!
- What's up?
Oh. what's this? [laughs]
- Lucas. Hey.
- [Camila] Good afternoon.
- [Ángela] Finally!
- [Pedro] Check it out.
[David] Sorry we're late.
I was ready. but...
Oh. no. Don't blame me.
He took his time choosing a wine.
- Interesting.
- [Ángela] Carmelita.
This lunch has usually bored me to tears.
- How's it going? [chuckles]
- Hey there.
- How you doing. neighbor?
- [Pedro] Great to see you.
- [tense music]
- [Camila] How are you?
Let me introduce you
to the creator. god. owner
and boss of this entire community.
Pedro Ferrer.
This is David. my husband.
- Hello.
- Pleasure. Nice to meet you.
- Welcome.
- [Ángela] Come this way.
- Camila.
- [Camila] Thank you.
- Next to Eva.
- How are you? [laughs]
Sorry. don't want to make you move.
so I'll greet you all from here.
- How are you?
- [Eva] Well. and you?
- [Camila] Fine.
- [David] Hi. sweetie.
[tense music continues]
- [Ángela] Where are you going?
- Bon appétit.
[Lucas] To my room. Mom.
So. tell me how's everything
at the restaurant.
Fine. fine.
We haven't seen any reviews yet.
but I can't complain.
We had a full house yesterday.
- [Ángela] Wow!
- That's great!
Are you still considering
getting married there?
Please say no. I have better ideas.
- Why not? That'll be cheaper.
- Wait. Are you getting married?
- Eh... yeah. [laughs]
- Congrats! That's great news. Cheers.
- Love that.
- [Cristóbal] Thank you.
[David] Thank you. congrats.
Ángela. Miguel. thanks for this.
Everything's delicious.
[Ángela] It was nothing.
This was completely improvised.
With lots of love.
Well. if this meal
is completely improvised.
I can't imagine how great they are
when they're planned. Can you?
I would really like to thank you all
for welcoming David and me today.
Letting us be a part of your community.
your neighborhood.
But I also hope that
we can become very good friends too.
Right?
- [David] Absolutely.
- [chuckles]
Camila. I was thinking. I wanted to know
if you'd like to go in the pool with me.
- Eva. No. no.
- [Camila. chuckling] Oh!
Pumpkin. How you're gonna get
in the pool with the cast. sweetie?
I'll keep my arm out.
- Uh-huh.
- Clever.
- Baby. but your swimsuit.
- Oh!
Exactly.
Not a problem.
Of course I'm getting in the pool.
It's all right. we'll keep your arm up.
My swimsuit is in the house.
Give me a sec and I'll pick it up.
Yeah.
[Ángela] This way.
Over here. On the right is our room.
- Make yourself at home. mm?
- Thank you.
Excuse me.
[suspenseful music playing]
[sighs]
SPA LOCKER KEY CARD
Do you like it?
Oh!
Oh... [chuckles nervously]
I'm sorry. I was... I was getting changed.
It's a question.
Do you like Miguel's cologne?
Do you?
To be honest. I do.
Actually. I was thinking
I should buy the same one for David.
[Eva] Are you ready?
Why haven't you changed yet?
[chuckling] I'm coming.
I'll be there in a minute. sweetheart.
- Okay?
- Okay.
["Pr0Bl3Mb0I" by Stefficrown playing]
[exhales]
["Pr0Bl3Mb0I" continues playing]
[Camila] Honey.
Could you hand me a towel
when you have a minute?
- Of course. babe.
- [Camila] Thanks.
- Um... be right back.
- [Camila] Hey. careful.
- Don't get that arm wet. okay?
- [Eva] I won't.
- You look really pretty.
- [Camila] Thank you. Ready to play?
- [Camila laughing]
- [Eva] Ah!
Yay!
[suspenseful music playing]
Excuse me. I'll go get a whiskey.
[suspenseful music continues]
[David] Miguel.
Can we talk for a second?
Yes. of course.
Thanks.
It was at a club.
It was at a club that you met Camila.
Hey there.
I don't think that I've actually met you.
I'm Camila.
And you?
Lucas.
Lucas?
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure.
- Have you been sleeping with Dad for long?
- [tense music plays]
[David] You may think I'm an idiot.
but you're wrong.
I'm not.
Yesterday. I saw you two
chatting alone in our house.
That's when I knew.
I know very well the woman I'm married to.
and nothing makes her nervous.
But with you...
With you it's different.
[chuckling nervously]
I don't know what you're talking about.
I barely know your dad.
Then tell me why you were
sneaking out of here the other night.
You're obviously very confused. hon.
That wasn't me.
Actually. you're not
the first neighbor he slept with.
He drove the last one crazy.
[tense music continues]
[David] It's not easy being married
to a woman like Camila.
And it's not the first time
someone fantasizes about my wife.
How long have you been together?
- A year and a half. why?
- A year and a half.
A year and a half.
So I guess it was at a club
that you met Camila. right?
David. I'm not gonna discuss
this with you.
Excuse me.
Enjoy.
Thanks.
[laughs]
[Camila giggles]
You should've seen him.
He freaked out when I talked to him.
Didn't even know what to say.
[both laughing]
Man. I'd love to have seen his face.
That's great. He deserves it
for being a jerk and a liar.
How did it go with his son?
- Were you able to get rid of him?
- [Camila exhales]
Lucas said he saw me leaving his house
the night I talked to Miguel.
But he has no proof at all.
He can do absolutely nothing.
- Mm.
- [David clicks tongue]
But he also told me that Miguel
got involved with another neighbor.
A neighbor?
Who?
I don't know.
But apparently. he drove her crazy.
You've been here less than 24 hours.
and you're already under everybody's skin.
[laughs]
I thought you were gonna change your mind.
When I saw you with Miguel I thought
you were falling for his game again.
No.
No. no. no. no. Not a chance.
In fact. that would mean
I don't love myself at all.
- [David] You sure you're okay?
- [gasps] You scared me.
- Will you be okay?
- [giggles]
Of course.
Go to the hotel.
and I'll stay here. It's all right.
No. no. no. no.
I have to show you something first. Look.
I was able to log in
into Miguel's Tinder accounts.
[suspenseful music playing]
To both.
- To his fake profile?
- Yeah.
It was created two years ago.
It's weird. It doesn't show any activity.
Apparently. the only person
he got in touch with was you.
- Miguel?
- Yeah.
[laughing] There's no way.
It's true. If he contacted someone else.
he did it with a different account.
[suspenseful music continues]
RIVIERA ESMERALDA
RESIDENTIAL COMPLEX - HOUSE G
[unlocks car]
[engine starting]
[phone ringing]
[Vicente] I'm willing
to do anything. Camila. I swear to God.
I don't care where you escaped to.
I'm always gonna find you.
Because you are mine and only mine.
I'm closer than you think.
[woman] Wow! We are live!
Look at this spectacular place.
Mil Placeres. [giggles]
Hey. that's Ilonka Evans. from Instagram.
"Ilonka in the Sky."
Who cares what an influencer says?
One of Ilanka's posts can cost a fortune.
[techno music playing]
[Adrián] Hi.
Sorry about the wait.
We're getting a table for you.
Yeah. perfect.
Excuse me. Inti.
- Would you like a drink?
- Um...
We have a great watermelon cocktail.
It's the house specialty.
- I...
- Come on. it's on the house.
Okay. thanks. sounds great.
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues]
[objects clattering]
[Camila exhales]
[glass shattering]
David?
[suspenseful music continues]
[objects clattering]
David?
[gasps]
[shuddering]
Miguel.
[Adrián] Thank you
for taking care of the influencer.
It seems she was delighted with the food.
- I think she liked you.
- Mm.
Well. in that case.
I'll go take care of her.
Inti. wait up.
Today you proved that you're
an essential part of this restaurant.
I've been doing some math.
and I can offer you more.
Thank you.
But you... you have to. um...
train the new hires
and stay late every night until closing.
Fine. I'll do as you say.
You won't regret it.
Okay. how is it?
Table four? Okay.
You need anything?
Where's my boyfriend?
He's over there.
Would you like a drink? My treat.
I have to talk to you.
Adrian can never find out
that we know each other.
- No problem.
- Especially how we both met. okay?
[tense music playing]
[Adrián] Baby.
- [chuckles]
- Hi. honey.
- [Adrián] Where were you?
- I was looking for you.
- All good?
- Yeah.
And your husband?
Where is he?
He's working.
He's working?
[Miguel chuckles]
You're keeping him a secret. huh?
Now you know how I felt
hearing lies told to my face.
David knows that I know you.
I didn't know. Had no clue.
You didn't know.
Why don't you tell me
what you were doing in my room earlier?
I wasn't in your room.
I crossed the road
when we bumped into each other outside.
I came to tell you someone's helping me
find the person who uploaded the video.
It seems that my phone was stolen.
[laughs]
What's so funny?
You're saying someone stole your phone
just to upload that video?
[Miguel] Camila.
I'm begging you.
Please. stop. Please. don't do this.
I don't know what kind of relationship
you have with your husband nor do I care.
But Ángela's not like that.
She can't know about this.
I promise you I'll never hurt
another woman again.
But. please. I beg you.
My wife and children aren't to be blamed.
You know I would never do
anything to harm you.
Actually. I'm not so sure
you didn't upload that video.
You think I'd do something like that
to an innocent woman? Seriously?
Miguel. you were capable
of creating a fake profile.
of pretending to be someone else.
You made up
that your sister had an accident
when it was actually your daughter.
You deceived your wife and your children.
And you ask if I think you're not capable
of uploading that video?
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- It's not like that. Not at all.
You know why
I fell in love with you. Miguel?
Not because of your money.
Or because of your fake career
as a made-up doctor.
I fell in love with you
because you're a sensitive guy.
Because you were really kind to me.
And took care of me.
Because you were real.
Because you were authentic. genuine.
That's why I liked you.
["Savage" by I. Us. & We playing]
♪ I get lost all the time ♪
♪ Nothing to say. lots to hide ♪
♪ You know who I am ♪
♪ Out of sight. out of mind ♪
♪ Never think the same as you ♪
♪ I told you. baby. I'm a savage ♪
[heavy breathing]
[tense music plays]
[sniffling. crying]
[Ángela] Lucas! Hey. honey.
- [tapping]
- Lucas. what's going on?
- [knocking]
- [Ángela] Lucas. open up!
[sighs]
[tense music continues]
[keys jangling]
- [door opens]
- [Ángela] Lucas!
You know we don't like it
when you lock your door.
What are you watching?
[tense music continues]
FIND HELP FOR SELF-HARM AT
WWW.WANNATALKABOUTIT.COM
["Killer Bees"
by Jake Shillingford & Nick Evans playing]
♪ The killer bees are getting me down ♪
♪ The killer bees are buzzing around ♪
♪ Down!
The killer bees are all around me ♪
♪ Killer bees ♪
ALL EVENTS AND CHARACTERS ARE FICTITIOUS
AND DO NOT PORTRAY
ANY ACTUAL EVENTS AND PERSONS
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm